Add core principles to AI Usage Policy (#14889)
JabRef/jabref: AI_USAGE_POLICY.md

# AI Usage Policy

In short, please keep these [two principles](https://roe.dev/blog/using-ai-in-open-source) in mind when you contribute:

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> 1. Never let an LLM speak for you.
> 2. Never let an LLM think for you.

This project does not accept fully AI-generated pull requests. AI tools may be used assistively only. You must understand and take responsibility for every change you submit.

> We reserve the right to reject pull requests that contain little or no genuine and original contribution from the contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We reserve the right to reject pull requests that contain little or no genuine contribution from the contributor (with regards to code as well as the thought behind changes).
```
